Galician speaks more but the magdiel objection that
cdl cdl renato garcia who key is
magdiel de canindé no ceará makes a video
explaining the correct calibration of
legs to ride on the dirt road
there are people who criticize the
tires that the bike keeps jumping like I do
I'll show you the way I think I tire.
I put 28 in front and here we would pi
see how it was then face and soul I
I will not know how to explain on the road
floor was that she's okay problem
will now go 24
then the use of debut in 2828 in front
I will have to explain why and 3332 behind or
I asked my girlfriend to oppose you.
here behind right
and I'm going to put this guy hot
I think he's going to wither like me
I'm not getting rain It was not 27
it did not work here very dirty speck here I
use this calibration is in the city
both as a croup and as a pitty
canada spain again as as alone
here only doubt I'll keep here is the
following I have already tested various types of
calibration and this calm and that the gasoline
went wrong and now it has gone
the following I was recording that the
battery is now I already got 32 on the
front 35 I already got all the
All kinds of faces until I take shame on
man and I talked to the mototaxi who works
years ago with this renato following 28 in
front maximum 35 back there for beauty
Beauty is what he uses to work.
and never had a problem
let's go there because renato was a
mototaxista had problem
good guys I had I put a 40 day
40 35 in front 40 behind tire bored
I am actually in fact based on the
middle of the road and saw and pa
European calibration bored I started
with the minors
the bike got softer it became more
You better know it did not pop in the
always kept until it was time to fall into a
hole ball looks like it deserves more
with this calibration and this is the memory
I use to think it's better but
Stay and go to the city.
I think it's better for the
ground road because the
with 10 as in the season there is lots of rock
It can not be too hard.
it's just going to skip right, so it's like this
which I think she will control well
stones well all then 28 in front and
32 behind at most 35 than the world
internal and rarely deep into the ground and
technically I only tested several
various 3541 optics jumping the bike is bad
getting too much curve becomes more dangerous
for cuba and that prizes for the anapolina
it gets softer the bike on the straight is more
soft rush hour always makes lychee
better and I recommend that you do not do
like I did right now I'm already walking
Since morning on the bike, here I am doing
order videos
and then I went there and it fills up I think the
It's okay to do that.
the right is the following if the bike is well
cold, right?
You pick up the station closest to your house.
because what happens when the tire is
warming up he knows
cheta on
it has happened you see that the tire
tahmoush begins to give if it will fill up
supported and say 30 he mush from 40 to
30 is what happens and his is him
it's in there, right?
so this is always with the cold tires
I have a cold motorcycle , and another one in every day
The day at least in the week speaks like that.
every four weeks had a month
the four you choose a day to fill
11 and Wednesday I chose all
Wednesday that you have to appear
You go there and fill the roof 11 to anatel
do not use the bike only use Thursday
every Thursday that you get out of
house space to a pit loses a boom
local
You pick up the bike and this whole fifth.
Fair understood this kind put in 28
front and 32 behind
usually in the motorcycle manual if he
netinho shows the calibration of deaths
number could not find this page and
Why did I even give up?
to read but I went I talked with the mototaxi
he told me this and really that he
has been told so far that it was true that
much use to me hope
have for you I am sharing this
information there if you are in another
You can count on me, beauty.
so that's it I hope you try your
doubt is the way the bike gets soft
huh
is sometimes your have a result
different is only a part a little more
heavy
hence you can consult the manual there and it is
That's it folks, it 's the next video
If you have any questions , you can
comment that we make
went